h1. Gypsy Blog

The basis of this application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.com/.

This was used as part of the tutorial provided by John Ash at 
http://www.k3integrations.com/news-blog/developers-blog/creating-a-blog-application-in-rails-3-2
This is an excellent "expanded" very of the blog tutorial, adding the RailsApp basics, Devise and CanCan, Twitter Bootstrap, and more. Lots of thanks to John for the fine tutorial.

h2. Diagnostics

RailsApps Recipes used:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:railsapps=>"rails3-bootstrap-devise-cancan", :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :prod_webserver=>nil, :ban_spiders=>true, :jsruntime=>false, :rvmrc=>true, :git=>true, :database=>"sqlite", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :form_builder=>"none", :templates=>"slim"}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.2
* Rails version 3.2.8

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: Slim
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: None
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account. In addition, it uses the letter_opener gem in development mode to show sent emails in a web browser.

h2. Getting Started

yet to come...

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation at this point.

h4. Issues

none yet, since I am the only one currently developing and/or using the app.

h2. Similar Projects

Hard to say. There are really a lot of blogs around ;-)

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

* RailsApps composer
* John Ash and his fine blog tutorial

h2. License

None at this time. Expect a Creative Commons or similar. In the meantime, I am doing this for myself, so if you can use it as well, go for it... and let me know!

